Barcelona is a city that often experiences
drought situations and our
water resources are more valuable than ever.
That's why we've found a
solution so everyone can make a
big difference from their home.
Like many of us, the Costa family wasn't
aware of how much water they used each day.
Now, with our smart sensor
MICA, they can track their
water consumption in real time.
It's easy, first we install the sensor
on the home's water meter, which sends continuous
data to a cloud platform.
From here, our artificial
intelligence algorithms break down the
water consumption by device, detect
leaks and generate personalized tips
to help you save.
With this data, the family has optimized their water usage
reducing their bills and helping the environment.
With MICA you not only benefit yourselves, but
you also contribute to a more sustainable
Barcelona and help local authorities
make informed decisions
about water management.
Empower yourself and join the movement!
Visit our website to get more
information or sign up for the beta program.